I'm not fucking feeling it I'm not
feeling it I got so much to do I'm gonna
be on top this weekend and next weekend
just got fucking lunch on my plate we
have lettuce life haters are doing my
hair let's just block so once I'm
exciting that shit happening you don't
have time so like you know what fuck
just gonna kill two birds one stone they
try and drive my own hair everybody
making a video so if you don't like
vlogs and that's your problem and you
can go to the dark corners of the
internet and go look it's weird shit I
even dyed my own hair since I was like
13 and everybody knows that whenever you
die around here it always comes out
really really good so I have the
knockoff Manic Panic blue and pink and
we're just gonna go ham I planned this
I'm gonna die some of this underneath
parts blue and the dyes and pink and
blue up here plan B is to just die half
a bit blue and plan to see it's just dye
the whole fucking thing blue like fuck
it we're just going to be a blue net I
was getting really excited in the car
because when I was reading the
directions and things it says don't get
it in your eyes because it will cause
blindness do you hate Julian for no
reason other than joining some really
nice guy and I even opened the door for
myself since the day that I met him but
he's gonna help me in the back of my
hair and tell you some really bad jokes
what does the cheapest kind of meat deer
balls they're under a buck what did the
big Jimmy say to the low Jimmy what
you're too young to be smoking I watched
like seven YouTube tutorials I'm
basically a professional right any
friend of mine have been appalled that
the things I've done to my own hair like
one year I was dressed in spring Spears
for Halloween and we had just spent like
I don't know fucking hours for Julie my
entire body with rhinestones
just about to walk out on the door and
I'm like oh wait hold on a second I've
got to cut my bangs grab all my articles
all right let's go my friend Jackie was
like why shouldn't you enter into a
contract with Wolverine because he has
retractable claws I'm just like
reasoning this bruise I go so I do have
a brush but it's for like barbecuing
welcome to Jenna's ratchet so on where
you can get your hair that all ratchet
for the low low price of do your
happiness yeah this is just going to be
like a hair tutorial i buy your hair for
people that have no skills or tools or
fear I'm sure every person that actually
knows stuff about hair is just staring
at their computer you know being like
bitch stop it so now you're just gonna
fucking dip your finger in some blue
dick oh that's looking color Oh
my face and shit are you so phobic
doesn't really pertain to those least
common heritage for shadow dresser King
Arthur's round table serpents so here's
a helpful tip the lady it's a beauty
supply store only add me three sets of
latex gloves so you're supposed to like
me to change your gloves every once in a
while
or you could just try and wash them get
a big fucking dollop of it get it on
there
[Music]
if you come to Jenna's pageant ass hair
salon you'll get something that will
tell you jokes and we'll make ink to be
like here why don't you just dinked it
it doesn't look right you can just cut
the whole thing off right okay don't
forget to fold your dick what do you
call it hate that keeps coming back a
boomerang getting beauty school fucking
University of ratchet tears
more attention and slash now I was the
bully unemployed why does he got fired
like why can't I just like be happy with
grown-up hair I don't know just boring
if there's one thing I don't want it's a
blue neck because neck but all that
looks green oh it's really green it's
gonna be in a Christmas surprise oh my
god it would be the essence of blue
now's the time in your hair do when you
get Toby Turner back for a prank calling
you put your nervous fuckin podcast I'm
call Toby and tell him that some girl
took my fall and that she might be
blowing up his phone I'm really bad at
this
so some girl just took my phone and when
she handed it back to me
it was in my contact list and she handed
it back to me with your phone number so
some like 13-year old girl has your
phone number
[Music]
all right so though this came out like
fucking baby food green this dick doe I
think I should just leave it like that
it looks like a fucking fucking let's
just fucking let's cut in a little
because why not
we're at the jitter salon gonna chop
into them like that though
cares ser pair party this is a cutting
technique I invented called buck your
hair FAFSA leave-in hair are not friends
oh just kind of big piece sorry we're
done with the scissors okay this colors
so fucking baby diarrhea
with the exception of the baby diarrhea
I made underneath my hair the rest looks
very cool I'm very pumped I think I've
been overinflated sense of what I just
did because I did it it's not that good
Oh make sure you subscribe to my channel
so to view us every Wednesday and
sometimes there have me doing things
that I need it done but this has been
very successful and thank you for
allowing me to make this video even
though you didn't and I just did it I
can do it anyone can do it
that's fat we only have one casualty my
hand it's pink pink is dick